Hi I'm Charlie Ray.
Crestliner has introduced two new models,
big water models.
2050 and the 2250 Authority.
The cut-away steps and swim platform allow
easy access into the boat, either for water
activities or just simply getting the boat
from the trailer.
But the biggest thing about this boat is the
open cockpit.
The removable back seats give you easy access
to the corners on both the starboard and port
side, for down rigging, netting fish, setting
lines and the other thing that's so obvious
is the elevated live well.
It's not only a work platform but it's an
insulated 20 gallon live well.
So you can either use that as a live well
or just as your cooler, and there's storage
under it.
This is a big water fishing boat.
On the port side you've got a four rod easy
access lockable rod holder, nine foot accessibility
for your rods, which is perfect for the big
water, in floor there's room for six more
8 foot rods this is perfect, no need to worry
about rods and reels.
Storage has always been a concern on fishing
boats, this one has it.
On the starboard side there's all kinds of
compartments and ledges and as you walk up
through the boat you've got premium consoles
and a wraparound windshield with storage under
the consoles.
If that's not enough for a perfect all around
fishing boat, you've got an ample casting
deck as well.
Loads of storage and another live well, 50
gallon aerated with a timer.
This boat has it all, even the smallest accessories,
wash down system, extra rod holders that mount
on to the back live well, even the Suremount
gunnel systems so you can mount your accessories,
rod bags, anywhere along the side.
This is sure to be a favourite.
Check it out and if you're a big water fisherman,
this might just be the boat for you.